.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

=======================
Releases v0.0 to v2.6.1
=======================

.. contents:: This page
   :backlinks: top
   :class: compact-list
   :local:

.. 001




.. index:: Releases; v2.6.1

Release v2.6.1
==============

Released: May 27, 2020

*  With `sphinx_typo3_theme v4.2.1` there now is a headline "PAGE CONTENTS"
   above the menu of intra-page links.

*  Bugfix: If the container finds Python packages in wheel format (`*.whl`) in
   `/WHEELS` these will be installed on the fly before rendering. This now
   works. That way a new Python package can easily be tested.

   The `dockrun_t3rd` function is looking for a folder
   :file:`tmp-GENERATED-Wheels` - as sibling of
   :file:`Documentation-GENERATED-temp` and map that as `/WHEELS` into the
   container.




.. index:: Releases; v2.6.0

Release v2.6.0
==============

Using `sphinx_typo3_theme v4.2.0`, `sphinxcontrib.gitloginfo v1.0.0` (new),
toolchain `RenderDocumentation v2.10.1`.

*  Toolchain: FINAL_EXIT_CODE should now be trustworthy and either have value
   `0` (success) or value `255` (failure). `0` means, the toolchain came to an
   end and at least the build step for html was successful. `255` indicates a
   failure where either the toolchain didn't come to normal end or html wasn't
   built.

*  Theme: 'last modified' date appears in page html head section if available.

*  Theme: 'Last updated' in the page footer with a link to the latest commit.

*  Theme: Search result pages with highlighted search text show a link to
   deselect the hightlighting.

*  Theme: The intra page menu is now appended to the left menu column to fix the
   - so called - "missing third menu level" issue.

*  Theme: The logo is now defineable in the theme configuration file
   :file:`theme.conf`.

*  Toolchain: `dockrun_t3rd makehtml -c allow_unsafe 1` to skip the extensive
   and time consuming html postprocessing, to skip file include checks and to
   allow the reST 'raw' directive.

*  Toolchain: `dockrun_t3rd makehtml -c sphinxVerboseLevel n'. With `n=3` the
   Sphinx build will be started with three times `-v`. This would mean
   `sphinx-build -v -v -v …`


Bug fixes:

*  Theme: Remove false warnings about illegal theme options

*  Toolchain: Remove pip warnings about `Cache dir not writable`.


Beauty:

* Generated html code is looking much nicer!




.. index:: Releases; v2.5.1

Release v2.5.1
==============

 * `dockrun_t3rd makehtml -c remove_docutils_conf 1` to allow the reST 'raw'
   directive




.. index:: Releases; v2.4.0

Release v2.4.0
==============

*  new: powerful :file:`jobfile.json` can configure everything

*  new: 'confval' directive and textroles

*  new: 'include' and 'literalinclude' can access every file of the project, not
   just those in ./Documentation/ :ref:`(read more)
   <specify-documentation-files>`

*  new: use absolute paths for includes, like
   `.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt` :ref:`(read more) <about-includes>`

*  new: use your own custom Sphinx theme or do :ref:`theme development
   <theme-development>`

*  fixed: rendering of localized manuals




.. index:: Releases; v2.3.0

Release v2.3.0
==============

*  much smaller image

*  caching works

*  can create html, singlehtml, latex, package

*  all sphinx extensions included and working

*  security improved: xss prevented when rendering for the server

*  security improved: raw-directive disabled

